what's up nation is a day's top play is
taking your modern warfare 3 clips and
displaying them for the world to see I
will be happy to do your black ops 2
soon cannot wait anyway we got vinyl
vortex here one bullet three kills with
the model 1887 I don't know how he did
that that he threw the c-4 up there but
it didn't blow up I mean you can see
here in the replay so I don't know thank
God for that theater footage of that's
three kills one bullet from the models
and coming up at number four we got SL
crimped also playing some drop zone on
Piazza and he's about to go turkey with
the sniper here MSR thermal scope and he
goes off for a five man feed and then
his team rushes in and steals all his
kills just got a small up gobble gobble
turkey in a clip number three this week
we got the white and blue playing some
domination on bootleg you want to see
him with the gold up trying to hold some
people off of the a flag he's going to
run out of shells tosses his sim text as
he dies and then from the grave bust out
the clip number two we got V Devon
playing some domination on ballin we're
starting this clip off looking down the
back alley he's able to pick one guy off
get a hitmarker finish him off when a
step to the left the gods are line any
bus off that at a clip number one we got
the skateboard t 508 veteran to top
fives around the internet see this guy
everywhere luckily he's been submitting
to me quite a bit you might remember him
from the past he's got his buddy lining
up an epic bank shot and searching
destroy its things going to bounce three
times before getting the final kill and
let's listen to these epic reactions
Oh remember you can find the players
links in the description below if you
enjoyed one of these clips feel free to
click their channel link and go check
them out drop on the line say yo bro I
saw you on aj's top play remember to
Like and favorite this video for me and
also remember to go to Anthony J Rogers
com click on top plays submission form
and fill the form out shoot your clips
over to me you could see them on next
week's episode I appreciate it guys
catch you later peace